Replace okta-oidc-android with okta-mobile-kotlin. (#1)
oktadev/okta-android-quickstart: README.md

> # Okta + Android (Kotlin) & Okta-Hosted Login Page Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Redirect login for Android(Kotlin)
```

> This sample shows how to use the Okta Android SDK to sign a user in to an Android application built in Kotlin. The process uses Authorization Code Flow + PKCE, where the user is redirected to Okta for authentication. After the user authenticates, they are redirected back to the application with an authorization code, which is exchanged for an ID token and access token.

Reviewer: Some suggested rewording for Okta style, clarity, and flow (notes the changes follow). The second paragraph feels like it needs more work.

```suggestion
Authenticate a user using the Redirect model in your Kotlin Android app using the Okta Android SDK.

The app launches a sign-in view hosted by Okta that handles the authorization flow. Control is returned to the app once the user finishes the flow. An authorization code is returned to the app after a successful sign on. This code is then exchanged for ID and access tokens.
```

"This sample" isn't needed as it's clear from context. This lets the developer find out what the sample is about sooner and figure out if they needed it.
"Redirect model" is the way the other docs talk about this type of authentication
I structured it as two paragraphs. The first is a one sentence abstract summarizing what the user can do with the sample/what question it answers. The second gives an overview of the process

> This project requires Android Studio (Arctic Chipmunk 2021.2.1)
> 
> This project uses the [okta-mobile-kotlin](https://github.com/okta/okta-mobile-kotlin) SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this project requires:
- Android Studio (Arctic Chipmunk 2021.2.1)
- The [okta-mobile-kotlin](https://github.com/okta/okta-mobile-kotlin) SDK.
```

> # Redirect login for Android(Kotlin)

Reviewer 2: I think the title can be a bit more informative

Author: I agree here. I took this suggestion from @mauricesharp-okta, but I agree it could likely be improved. @mauricesharp-okta do you have any thoughts on this?

Reviewer: The docs used "redirect model" and "sign in" (see https://developer.okta.com/docs/guides/sign-into-mobile-app-redirect/android/main/). How about:

```suggestion
# Redirect sign in for Android (Kotlin)
```

Author: I applied the suggestion. @deepu105 I feel like this still doesn't quite address your comment, but I think it's a good highlight, and more information can be found by reading further. But if you feel strongly, let us know and we can come up with something better.

Authenticate a user using the Redirect model in your Kotlin Android app using the Okta Android SDK.

> The app launches a sign-in view hosted by Okta that handles the authorization flow. Control is returned to the app once the user finishes the flow. An authorization code is returned to the app after a successful sign on. This code is then exchanged for ID and access tokens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The app launches a sign-in view hosted by Okta that handles the authorization using Authorization Code Flow + PKCE. Control is returned to the app once the user finishes the flow. An authorization code is returned to the app after a successful sign on. This code is then exchanged for ID and access tokens.
```

You can sign in with the same account that you created when signing up for your developer org, or you can use a known username and password from your Okta Directory.

> > **Note:** For the sake of simplicity everything is done on the main application activity in this sample. In a real application please follow the latest [Android app architecture guide](https://developer.android.com/topic/architecture) and use Fragments and view models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This sample implements all the functionality in the main application activity in this sample. For a production app follow the latest [Android app architecture guide](https://developer.android.com/topic/architecture) and use Fragments and view models.
```

If you see a home page with a login button, then things are working! Clicking the Login button will redirect you to the Okta sign-in page.

You can sign in with the same account that you created when signing up for your developer org, or you can use a known username and password from your Okta Directory.

> > **Note:** For the sake of simplicity everything is done on the main application activity in this sample. In a real application please follow the latest [Android app architecture guide](https://developer.android.com/topic/architecture) and use Fragments and view models.

Reviewer 2: is the new app following all best proactices?

Author: For the intent of the sample, everything has been updated in such a way that it doesn't need called out. Every app architecture will be different, and someone might not follow this guide exactly in their app. But that being said, there are no major issues with the way it's implemented (memory leaks, issues with configuration change/rotation, etc).
